Update workday docs - version 35 (#1064)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: workday/13.0/modules/ROOT/pages/workday-connector-studio.adoc

> = Use Studio to Configure Workday Connector 13.0 - Mule 4

Reviewer: See prev. questions about 13.0 vs. 13.x and order of tasks per intro text

:page-aliases: connectors::workday/workday-studio.adoc, connectors::workday/workday-connector-studio.adoc

Anypoint Studio (Studio) editors help you design and update your Mule applications, properties, and configuration files.

To add and configure a connector in Studio:

> . Create a Mule project

Reviewer: period
```suggestion
. Create a Mule project.
```

[%header,cols="30s,70a"]
|===
|Field |Description
|Connection |Select `Basic authentication`.
|Password |Enter the password with which to log in.

> |Host Name |Enter the host name of one of Workday’s Cloud Servers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Host Name |Enter the host name of a Workday cloud server.
```
I performed an internet search for "workday cloud server" and could not find it anywhere init. capped (although Workday Cloud Platform (WCP) is).

|===
|Field |Description
|Connection |Select `x.509 Authentication`.

> |Host name |Enter the host name of one of Workday’s Cloud Servers.

Reviewer: ditto
```suggestion
|Host name |Enter the host name of a Workday cloud server.
```

|Tenant name |Enter the Workday Tenant ID, which usually has the suffix `pt1` appended to it, such as `acme_pt1`.
This parameter supports expressions, which allow the value of this parameter to change dynamically. For example, you can use an expression to create a multi-tenant connection.
|User Name |Enter the username with which to log in.
|Key store path |Enter the location of the keystore file.
|Type |Select the keystore type.
|Password |Enter the password to access the keystore.
|Alias |Enter the alias of the private key.
|Signature Algorithm |Enter the signature algorithm.

> |Digest Algorithm |Enter the digest algorithm to use.

Reviewer: Any reason the first does not include "to use" and the second does not?
